============================================================
CrowdNotifier Code of Conduct
============================================================

Statement of Intent:

We aim at producing a secure, decentralized, privacy-preserving presence
tracing system to simplify and accelerate the process of notifying individuals
that shared a semi-public location with a SARS-CoV-2-positive person for a
prolonged time.

We seek feedback from a broad audience on the high-level design, its security
and privacy properties, and the functionality it offers, so that further
protection mechanisms can be added to correct weaknesses. We feel it is
essential that designs be made public so the community as a whole can verify
the claimed privacy guarantees before applications are deployed.

This code of conduct is not exhaustive or complete. It is an ongoing effort to
summarize our shared understanding. We want to provide a welcoming, safe
environment, so we can work together to pursue powerful solutions. We reserve
the right to deviate from strictly enforcing this code. Any deviations must
produce an outcome which is fairer, and aligned with our values. We understand
that keeping a living document relevant and “patched” involves sustained
effort.

============================================================
0. Summary: Don't be a jerk. Be awesome instead.
============================================================

The CrowdNotifier community should be a good place where people are glad to be.

  DO: Be kind, thoughtful, and considerate.

  DO: Make CrowdNotifier a place where people are happy and comfortable.

  DO: Remember: We are all contributing; we are all learning. Nobody was born
    an expert.

  DO: Yield the floor. Listen. Make sure everyone gets heard.

  DON'T: Insult, harass, intimidate, or be a jerk.

  DON'T: Treat honest mistakes as an excuse to hassle people. Mistakes are for
    learning.

  DON'T: Hunt for ways to uphold the letter of this code while violating its
    spirit.



============================================================
1. Purpose
============================================================

This code of conduct outlines our expectations for all those who participate in
our community, as well as the consequences for unacceptable behavior.

We invite all those who participate in CrowdNotifier to help us create safe
and positive experiences for everyone.

============================================================
2. Be your best self
============================================================

The following behaviors are expected and requested of all community members:

  * Participate in an honest and active way. In doing so, you contribute to
    the health and longevity of this community.

  * Exercise consideration and respect in your speech and actions.

  * Attempt collaboration and dialog before engaging in conflict.

  * Refrain from demeaning, discriminatory, or harassing behavior and speech.

  * Be mindful of your surroundings and of your fellow participants. Alert
    community leaders if you notice:

    - a dangerous situation

    - someone in distress

    - violations of this code of conduct, even if they seem minor

  * Remember that community event venues may be shared with members of the
    public. Please be respectful to everyone using these locations.

  * Respect the privacy of your fellow community members.

============================================================
3. Unacceptable behaviors
============================================================

The following behaviors are unacceptable within our community:

  * Violence, sexual assault, threats of violence, or violent language
    directed against another person, especially violence against a person or
    group based on a protected characteristic. (Display of weapons may
    constitute intimidation or a threat of violence.)

  * Sexist, racist, homophobic, transphobic, ableist or otherwise
    discriminatory jokes and language.

  * Spontaneously posting or displaying sexually explicit or violent
    material. (If it is necessary to share such material when working on
    the project's mission, do so with sensitivity. Be aware that many people
    don't want to see it.)

  * Posting or threatening to post other people’s personally identifying
    information ("doxing") without their consent.

  * Personal insults or attacks, particularly those related to:

    - experience

    - gender identity or expression

    - sexual orientation

    - family

    - relationships

    - ability (whether bodily or mental)

    - personal appearance

    - socioeconomic status

    - body size

    - race

    - ethnicity

    - age

    - religion

    - nationality

    - membership in a disadvantaged and/or underrepresented group

  * Inappropriate photography, audio recording, or recording of personal
    information. You should have someone's consent before recording these
    things, and before posting them publicly.

  * Inappropriate physical contact. You should have someone’s consent before
    touching them.

  * Unwelcome sexual attention: this includes sexualized comments or jokes,
    inappropriate touching, groping, and unwelcome sexual advances.

  * Deliberate intimidation, stalking or following (online or in person).

  * Deliberately undermining the spirit of this code while following the
    letter.

  * Sustained disruption of any community events, including talks,
    presentations, and online conversations.

  * Deliberately pushing against someone's stated boundaries.

  * Advocating for, or encouraging, any of the above behavior.

============================================================
4. Unacceptable behavior has consequences
============================================================

We will not tolerate unacceptable behavior from any community member.
People in formal or informal leadership roles must model the highest standards
of behavior.

Anyone asked by another community member to stop unacceptable behavior is
expected to comply immediately. Please don't step in on someone else's behalf
without their consent.

============================================================
5. Scope of this document
============================================================

This code of conduct covers all community participants when interacting:

  - in all online and in-person community venues

  - in one-on-one communications that relate to community work

This code of conduct and its related procedures also applies to unacceptable
behavior occurring outside the scope of community activities when such behavior
has the potential to adversely affect the safety and well-being of community
members. 

============================================================
6. License and attribution
============================================================

This code of conduct is shared under a Creative Commons CC-BY-SA 4.0
International license.

This code of conduct uses some language and framing from the Tor Project
shared under a CC-BY-SA license:
https://gitweb.torproject.org/community/policies.git/tree/code_of_conduct.txt
